You don't need to sleep for me.
You can kiss me now, right?
I don't like you. If I liked you, I wouldn't order it.
I don’t like chicken or fish with vegetables either.
I just like strong light.
You don't want to. You don't want to.
I'll have a drink. All of them. All of them. All of them.
All of them, all of them, all of them
All of them, all of them, all of them, all of them. All of them All of them
forty five days
Forty-five days, one day at a time
Forty-five days day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day day